READMEs: add note about 5.0 status (#11355)
ocaml/ocaml: README.win32.adoc

=== ⚠️ CAUTION

The developer team is currently preparing the release of OCaml 5.0. This release
sports a full rewrite of its runtime system for shared-memory parallel
programming using domains and native support for concurrent programming using
effect handlers.

Only the Mingw-w64 port is supported. On 32-bit systems, only the bytecode
compiler is supported.  Native-code support for these 32-bit systems is under
discussion. Support for the MSVC and Cygwin ports will be added back in later
releases.

Owing to the large number of changes, the initial 5.0 release will be more
experimental than usual.  It is recommended that all users wanting a stable
release use the 4.14 release which will continue to be supported and updated
while 5.0 reaches feature and stability parity. Similarly, if you need one of

> the ports not yet supported in the 5.0 release you must use the 4.14 release.

Reviewer: (same here, I guess)

Author: Thanks, fixed.

=== ⚠️ CAUTION

The developer team is currently preparing the release of OCaml 5.0. This release
sports a full rewrite of its runtime system for shared-memory parallel
programming using domains and native support for concurrent programming using
effect handlers.

> The initial release of OCaml 5.0 will only support the native compiler under
> ARM64 and x86-64 architectures under Linux and macOS. On Windows, only the
> Mingw-w64 port is supported.  Support for other 64-bit architectures and
> systems, including Windows, will be added back in later releases. On 32-bit
> systems, only the bytecode compiler is supported.  Native-code support for these
> systems is under discussion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only the Mingw-w64 port is supported. On 32-bit systems, only the
bytecode compiler is supported.  Native-code support for these 32-bit systems
is under discussion. Support for the MSVC and Cygwin ports will be added
back in later releases.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.
